he everybody welcome to another episode
of Facebook live Q&A I'm your host Tom
Bilu and I am here with the voice of the
community what is up voice what's up
everybody so give us uh give us those
numbers on this uh crew You're Building
um our official Facebook Community the
impact Theory league is now at like 565
members and we're only about like two
and a half weeks in that's amazing well
done maybe mad respect thanks that's
really cool if you guys haven't already
joined be sure to go check it out it's
our Facebook group people are always
asking how they can find like-minded
people um how they can find their next
business partner or just people that
think like they do to be those five
people they say that you were the
average of The Five People You spend the
most time with and people ask all the
time where they can find those so that
was one of the reasons that we created
the um the impact Theory League was to
give people a chance to meet each other
other people in this community uh which
is really really awesome and this is
Cindy's baby and and she has incubated
it from the jump and it's really
starting to take off Ultra fast get in
there meet other people that are in this
community and one I'm just happy to be
back by the way so I've been traveling I
was getting my NYC on I know excited to
be back that's my city dude NYC is
amazing um travel is always hard I I
actually started to feel hella guilty
because my wife has been here fighting
the uh the the battles with you know
getting everything done for the home
renovation which is uh total Madness
just off camera is a war zone of Epic
Proportions that my wife for the last
three days has had to Wrangle all by
herself so uh it's good to be back yeah
when I got here they were like sawing
down like sheets of what is it Granite
things were they doing Granite I don't
know like your counter like you know
mean like it
was Stone all right what are we doing
you're like I didn't sign off on that
it's like lots of changed yes all right
so let's kick it off with some questions
from last time let's do it um so this
one comes from Stephen
Aras um his question is what would you
do to get silicon Valley's attention
from a third world country I'm
passionate about entrepreneurship and
have already failed at my first business
but I'm already trying again dude I love
that um so the the honest answer is you
need to make a product that solves a
problem um so it's rad that you're not
afraid to fail that you got the first
one out there hopefully you learned
lessons hopefully you wrote them down I
think it's actually really important for
people to externalize the things they
learn um one of the reasons so when I
was in New York City actually gave a
talk so weird so I had scheduled a talk
with ruers University Ruckers and end up
in the physical location literally like
a half mile or something from Rutgers
University while doing it over Skype but
I had no idea that I was right by it
long story like remind me to tell you
guys that I would love to hear that so
much fun in fact just before I finish
answering this question I'm going to Mad
shout out to um what my boy Gerard Adams
is doing it's absolutely incredible
entrepreneur uh very successful guy he
sells this company for a lot of money
and instead of retiring to Miami Beach
Florida he decides I'm going to stay
here in Newark in one of the most
impoverished areas in New York and build
this um like community outreach to teach
people entrepreneurship absolutely
amazing so anyway I end up speaking
there doing my Rutgers lecture in front
of all the people at his thing which
it's called Founders but it's f o w n d
RS so it's like own in there huh huh it
was amazing really really cool but
anyway super random so build a product
that solves a problem um that is always
the answer get out the the most amazing
thing about being an entrepreneur at
this moment is the internet and social
media has democratized everything so
you're able to instantly reach a huge
crowd as long as what you have is
actually solving a problem and that's
the key and I think a lot of people are
trying to uh be clever and so their
product doesn't like stirring up the
demand for it is is really the issue and
so you want to go into an area where
you're not going to have to stir up the
demand the demand is already there if
you have something that is getting a lot
of subscribers you're going to get the
attention of Silicon Valley so if you
think of all um the apps and things that
really get people's attention and by the
way I went to apps because you said
Silicon Valley um so I'll assume that
we're talking about technology if you
have Tech that is getting a lot of users
that's what people really care about so
even more than I would say revenue is
the issue eyeballs is the thing that's
going to get people really excited and a
lot of people in Silicon Valley um will
be able to bring a path to monetization
to the table so if you can show that you
have people using your product that's
even more valuable than getting people
to pay but having said that um I don't
know that the game is actually getting
silicon Valley's attention I think the
game is solving people's problems and
making money doing it um so I might
encourage you to think down a different
path and instead of beholding yourselves
to institutional Capital which I promise
you will hate um to instead find a way
to fund it through actual sales and
that's always the holy grail and then
you can worry about scale down the road
and you don't have to hyperscale I can
tell you from experience that hyperscale
carries with it its own set of problems
so solve problems create something that
matters create something that people
want that they will recognize when they
see it and then deliver value that's it
dope I like it first I would like to
shout out some people tuning in from all
across the land so we've got OKC in the
building we've got the Philippines
Louisiana
Vegas um yeah just like all over Madness
love it um all right this next question
comes from um oh shoot I lost it fit
World app what is the number one way to
raise a million dollars so it's Angel VC
or otherwise so a million dollars for a
traditional VC actually isn't a lot of
money so a million dollars is sort of
that nasty spot where you don't really
want to be most VCS are going to want to
um put a lot more money to work so a lot
of these guys have hundreds of millions
if not billions of dollars and they
literally just can't around with
small Investments so they're looking to
put a ton of capital to work so that's
going to sort of automatically put you
down in the angel world or even um crowd
sourcing or some of these which I need
to look more into this but there are
some of these um like Kickstarter but
instead of just pre- buing a product
you're actually buying a piece of the
company which I think is utterly utterly
fascinating uh but I don't know enough
about the ones that are actually out
there yes he did I don't know if it's
been successful or not but yeah our boy
Howard marks was on that know that law
passed yeah which is it's like called
the jobs act or something it's so
randomly titled
um but in it it carried the ability for
the average person a non accredited
investor to buy equity in a company
which to me literally you want to talk
about something that's just insane that
people weren't able to do because here's
my thing don't try to protect me from
myself right don't try to protect me
from myself so if I want to invest in a
company let me and I remember for the
longest time here I was building um a
technology company but because I wasn't
making enough money and I didn't have
enough in assets I wasn't able to invest
in companies but by then I'd been in
business for like 7 eight years so it
was it was wildly offensive to me um and
so yeah the whole accreditation process
to be an investor is crazy does that
open some people up to being taken
advantage of yes but like if you don't
know what you're doing with your money
like don't invest it like play it safe
um but for people that maybe don't have
a lot of money but want to invest $1,000
like they can go play the stock market
but they can't like invest directly in a
company that they believe in and they're
willing to like go to bat for and be
passionate on just crazy so anyway super
grateful that that happened um so
looking at Angel Investors and then
here's the the real thing that nobody
wants to talk about which is you're only
going to be able to raise a million
dollars when you don't need
it there it is if you need the million
dollars it's going to be brutally
brutally difficult to get it but if you
have an app that's like growing like
crazy and you've got all these user and
this nuts and you're especially if
you're making money and you just want it
to grow growth capital is way easier to
get because you're already you're
showing traction you're showing big wins
you show that it works then get capital
is relatively easy but saying that you
just have an idea and look these stories
get told where it's like hey it's just
an idea and people invest in it and it's
crazy and it's pre-revenue and you can't
believe like what they're able to pull
off that is like the smallest smallest
percentage of people that actually get
that funding um so to put a really fine
point on it go to angellist.com I think
I don't think it's.org but anyway type
in angelist in the Google it'll pop
right up that is an amazing place to
find um investors Angel Investors so I
would start there
dope for sure and someone said that it's
called um Equity crowdfunding Equity
crowdfunding there it is thank you so
you can Google that and find out more
information about it word all right so
this one comes from Julian stoan um what
impact does lack of sleep have on your
efficiency the next day um I find that
you get sort of one freebie so if you
get very little sleep and I I don't know
maybe if I were doing like one of those
driving tests or a c cognitive test yeah
um that you would notice a decline but I
don't feel bad after one day but chronic
sleep deprivation that's going to mess
everything up and um being tired is very
similar to being intoxicated so just
your ability to hold things in working
memory declines your ability to process
data rapidly declines um your ability to
switch rapidly from topic to topic
declines so I also find people are more
prone to um emotionality and they've
done tests t on what happens to people's
willpower which it gets depleted because
essentially you're the fatigue that
comes along with that causes people to
give into baser instincts so for
instance if I offer you a piece of cake
or a carrot and you're well rested then
you're going to choose whichever one
moves you towards your goals if on the
other hand I offer you a piece of cake
and a carrot and you're tired you're
more likely to take the cake because
you're just tired and so it and
that's l i mean they've done like really
really fascinating studies look up Dan
arieli um who's written the upside of
irrationality um the truth about
lying something like that I can never
remember the the honest truth about lies
something like that anyway look up Dan
arieli he covers this topic extensively
um in the way that as we get depleted in
um either hunger fatigue that these
things begin to mess with our
decision-making processes so it's just
it's suboptimal pretty much in every
conceivable way and the actual I forget
what is there's something that actually
builds up in your brain maybe somebody
in the comments will know that I can't
remember the name of it but there's
something that builds up in your brain
and the only way to clear it out is to
get sleep and that's why not getting
sleep like until further notice like
even things that keep you awake like um
C no what's the maphil so even things
like that which are for narcoleptics
they give them to fighter pilots and I'm
sure now college kids are taking it
rampantly um and it's sort of the one
neut Tropic that I've um used and I've
used it a couple times and it works like
for international travel but you still
like you're not on top of your game
there's just no two ways about it get
your sleep get your sleep makes sense
simple as that whole emotional thing I
totally understand cuz that happens to
me when I don't sleep enough dude I've
met women like and maybe guys I have not
met guys I'm just trying to be um
politically correct I've met women who
like when they get tired they just cry
and they like they don't even know why
they're crying they're just like I'm
tired that's so fascinating like I
literally don't understand like never
once have I been so so tired I thought
you know what it I'm just going to
cry no I like night I called my mom like
while I was in college and I she'd just
be like go take a nap like she' just get
go take a nap and then I would take a
nap and I'd feel way better that's so
interesting I get grumpy when I'm tired
but I never get the impulse to cry but
then again my tear ducks are like kind
of attached to all my emotions fair
enough my wife's are not my wife is a
fascinating a fascinating person she
just yeah doesn't have a what I'll call
typical like feminine responses to
things yeah okay so just as a reminder
guys we have another giveaway today um
share this live feed if it's adding
value for a chance to win two books of
your choosing to help you on your hero's
journey word what two books would you
choose what two books would I choose oh
no I need to I would have to like look
at my list you have a list so well the
thing is the list is live Cindy is it on
your computer no oh come on you got to
share the list no okay well let me go
look and see what's on my wish list all
right well while you look it up is there
another question I'll give the answer
plenty of questions there's don't get
off the hook though so just pick one
there's so many questions today all
right um let's go
so sorry
um but they need to share it right to
get their books all right so share this
bad boy share and then um let us know
that you shared that so oh yeah send it
to connect at impact theory.com send
that screenshot so we know what's up and
then uh you get to pick your two books
Cindy's going to get us a question and
then she's going to look up this one is
from Josiah ma hi Tom I love the show
you've mentioned previously that as an
entrepreneur you've had to battle
extreme laziness and personal
disengagement how did you overcome this
Challenge and win the battle for your
mind all right so um at some point we're
going to need to like have a mechanism
where I want people to get
the answer that I'm going to give
because I know there are Die Hard people
right now that already know what I'm
about to say and the answer is identity
that is it so you have to put in place
things about yourself that you are going
to make true so it usually starts that
it's something that is not true about
yourself but because you believe at
least I do that even identity is
malleable and that you can change it at
any time um I just started telling
myself I'm the type of person that I'm
the type of person that does their work
I'm the type of person that gets out bed
after 10 minutes I'm the type of person
that follows through I'm the you know
whatever like those things that you want
to be true about yourself like close
your eyes imagine the person that you
want to become uh watch a movie be
inspired by somebody read a book be
inspired by how that person is what are
traits that you can take into your life
I mean this is why we're doing impact
Theory because we want to create the
kind of content that shows people these
are the types of traits these are the
outcomes of those traits that you're
going to want to bring into your own
life um and then do the social
commentary on it to show people how to
extract that information and really put
it to use in their own life so be
inspired by somebody something so that
when you close your eyes and think about
the person that you want to be of
something very specific that you can aim
towards and then begin to Brick by Brick
bring those traits into your world by
saying I'm the type of person that so um
I would say things like I'm lazy by
nature but I'm the type of person that
overcomes his nature so I'm the type of
person that despite being lazy I get up
on time I do my work I push myself I um
don't relax until my work is done uh if
I during the week if I'm awake I'm
either working or working out it's just
like you start doing all these things
and for them for you not to feel like a
total ass like you have to act in
accordance with them otherwise you have
to remove them from the same things that
you say about yourself that you get to
take pride in that you get to tell other
people that you do and I've just never
found that lying about stuff feels good
so it's like when it's um not true then
I just don't say it and so when I really
want to say something I really want it
to be true about myself then I know that
I have to force myself to act in
accordance with that and so identity
identity identity identity and values
Drive Behavior
period those are the drivers so anytime
it's like how do I get this piece of
behavior you have to go back to Identity
and
values Church cool all right so because
I'm not or an organized person I found
it amongst my very many let's he it no
taking tools so um next up on my like
wish list is Sister citizen so it's
interes yeah so it's called sister
citizen shame stereotypes and black
women in America by Melissa Harris what
are you hoping you'll get out of that
it's just like an understanding of like
the complexities of like being in the
intersections so there are things that
like I know that I've personally
experienced but understanding what it is
in a larger context so like taking it
from the micro personal to the macro and
just understanding what trends are
happening
around in various areas nice all right
what's another one and then the other
one is
um what was
it it
was oh tears we cannot
stop why just because Jay-Z like dropped
it randomly and I feel like yeah like he
like this a book he read I don't know
like heic or fic I think it's it's not
fiction but tears we cannot drop we
cannot stop we cannot stop Yes okay
tears we cannot stop interesting what's
it about I'm Michael Eric Dyson I
haven't like fully looked into it I just
am so curious because he never posts
anything so I just like made sure to
bookmark it nice that I'll read this
eventually all right yeah you have to
let me know about that one for sure all
right then cool well share this content
screenshot it send it to connect at
impact Theory and and uh you get to
choose your two books yep so so any two
books that are going to help you on your
personal hero's journey nice dig it all
right so next questions into the feed so
we've got Nidia Kaz kazimi you've often
mentioned your a Elon Musk and his goals
for Solar City and SpaceX what a what's
a dream project you would love to be
working on right now um well the good
news is that I have built my life around
the my dream project so that is to use
traditional narrative to influence the
next generation of companies um and that
is the world's shortest way of saying
the most complicated um truth on the
planet but basically we want to build uh
the next Disney Studios so and what
would that look like if it were founded
today and um I'm incredibly excited and
inspired by that and what that looks
like and it um I think is the single
most important thing that we could be
dealing with which is mindset
and unfortunately I don't think that the
answer to solving the mindset problem is
um writing non-fiction books and if it
were then Carol D would have already
solved the problem because she wrote in
my opinion the seminal work on mindset
you need only read that um and if you do
everything she says your life will
forever be changed but nonetheless that
book has been out for I don't know how
many years let's call it 78 n something
like that and the world has not um
changed rapidly enough for my liking um
so looking at the studies understanding
the truth of what it takes to get people
to assimilate truly disruptive
information it is narrative and the
great news is I'm a huge believer don't
try to change other people's behavior
try to leverage it so if I know that
people are already reading books reading
comic books watching TV shows watching
movies and playing video games and those
are the five most powerful forms of
narrative uh that we have today that we
need to only tap into those things which
I already love and find endlessly
fascinating um and then I think marry it
to social content so that you can just
walk people through and explain this is
how you you extract this information but
people get excited about narrative they
get excit and you can monetize it and
this is a huge thing and reading this
like I already know the journey that
this company is going to go on first
people are going to love us because
we're giving away all this content you
see people wearing the shirts and oh my
God like these guys are amazing and they
just give give give and then we will hit
a critical mass and people are going to
say that we sell out and that we only
care about money um and then on the
other side of that we will become the
deao standard and it will just seem
obvious that we exist and it will be an
obvious um need to monetize and
strengthen the company financially for
it to continue forward and then people
will forget eventually that there are
actual people behind the company and
that this will really be it will finally
transcend us um and it will be just so
baked into culture that it will sort of
be der rer and that that's how you you
know get these um extraction points
where you're able to pull out the
information that you need to change your
own identity to get new behaviors that
are actually um Paradigm shifting for
the world and that's it and in that
process uh which I fully understand how
it will go and then by the way as you
get way deeper you get you know the
people who love you and the people who
hate you we we need to be emotionally
prepared for that um but we'll also be
evolving and so I think there's an event
horizon that happens um somewhere in any
company that grows life cycle where I
can't see past it I don't know uh all
the ways it will pivot and change and
you know maybe those what I considered
to be the five dominant forms of
narrative will fall away and it'll be
something else um and we'll have to
Pivot and adjust to that but that is
exactly uh the thing that I'm most
passionate about want to be doing and
dealing with and I am thly doing and
dealing with it yeah buddy so there it
is all right so this next one comes from
Kelsey mayor um in your most recent
episode you talk about adjusting your
in-person advice due to your perceived
expectation of people's real ability to
execute can you and or can you or your
staff explain how you developed a lens
to create a methodology for executing
plans I.E I work out and eat healthy I
then lose weight simply if you don't
include the addictive quality of
processed foods or the coping role food
plays for people but if I'm an executive
assistant wanting to become an executive
how do I develop a path to achieve that
all right so it starts with your goals
and then you work back backwards the the
real deep mystery though is how do you
get good at identifying the actual steps
that exist between you and what you want
to do so let's just latch on to the easy
part of actually there's two parts in
that so you're um an executive assistant
you want to be an executive so um I
start asking myself recursive questions
so how did that executive become the
executive I would start there because
you know that that person has at least
done it once so I'm going to sit them
down because that's just incredibly
powerful to find a mentor somebody that
can explain their journey and I'm going
to say what were the steps that you took
and then they're going to lay out those
steps now some of those steps U maybe
they're wrong about some of those steps
maybe they just don't suit you but
there's going to be some big moments in
there that are going to make a lot of
sense to you and being able to move
towards those things so I'll give you my
own story so if somebody who is my
executive assistant came to me and said
that I want to be you uh which by the
way has happened to me a million times
and here's my exact response I'll try to
truncate this um first I try to reject
them and I say don't ask ask me that um
because when people say I want to be you
uh usually they mean like there's
there's some surface part of what they
perceive in my life to be glamorous so
whether it's the money um whether it's
the attention whether it's having
employees um uh from their perspective
they perceive me as having some
additional importance whatever those are
the things that they actually want so I
try to push them away first okay it's
called the takeaway so I do a takeaway
if they still come at me and say no no
no I really do want it I say okay well
here's why I'm warning you against it
here's why I don't think you actually do
want this now again I'm doing a push
away because I need it's what I call the
equivalent of the four days in the rain
outside a Fight Club right like you've
got to prove that you really want it
because it's going to be a lot of time
and energy on my part so that's the
first thing I need to know if they have
deep desire because if they have deep
desire so if you're an executive
assistant and you want to become an
executive first thing you have to have
deep desire I mean the way that
I'll explain it don't
seek the real quote is don't seek to
change the world unless you seek it the
way that a man whose head is on fire
seeks a pond you can imagine the urgency
that when you're burning like you would
really seek a solution to that okay so
having that level of intensity really is
important because it's going to get hard
and it's going to get boring and the
boring part I think is where most people
are surprised I think people can
anticipate the hard they can't
necessarily anticipate the boring so um
you've got to just have this unwavering
desire to get to that thing so I think
executiv is probably way to vague and
you're probably really in trouble uh
because it's not specific enough so um I
can feel that this answer is going to
get really long so I'm going to truncate
it you have to know exactly what you
want and then you um as you back in the
steps find a mentor ask some questions
they will give you the answers um which
I was doing but can feel that that's
like a whole show in and of itself uh so
yeah and then you're going to start
executing against that figuring out what
the skills are between you and being
able to do that so unending desire it's
going to be identity right you're going
to have to develop the identity of
somebody you're going to have to
practice your discipline so on and so
forth um and then do it the other thing
that you gave by way of example was food
so it's um sort of dieting is is I think
where you were headed with that so there
are very clear results um if you have
like when I was first trying to get a
physique I was obsessed with um
Wolverine whose name Hugh Jackman uh and
that was like my idealized physique I
wanted to become that so I had pictures
of him up everywhere and I said that's
what I'm going to do and so then then
you start uh reading and researching
finding out who can give me the advice
that I need in order to get that
somebody who's done it at least once and
then you just start executing and
adjusting until you actually get there
um and so yeah that's um at the end of
the day without just going deep through
specifics that's it you you have to get
good at identifying what those steps are
it's usually a mentor a book something
executing checking your results against
your ideal adjusting if you're not
getting it okay and then just a quick
followup to that
um would their time be better spent
focusing on the the pain boredom and
difficulty rather than getting
themselves amped and excited and
positive about it um no I mean so you
need to be amped and excited about it
but it should be super authentic like
you shouldn't have to be winding
yourself up if you're having to wind
yourself up more than 20% of the time
you've you're probably not chasing the
right dream so you need a compelling f
future and a compelling future isn't
something that you can force yourself to
become excited about it's something
you're actually excited about right so
nobody has to tell me to be excited
about what we're doing here at impact
the I just am excited about it uh it's
one of those things like I can't stop
myself I can't help but talk about it
and even I have to laugh sometimes how
many answers I can bring back around to
what we're doing at impact Theory
because it is the core of my existence
like I'm I'm just that excited about it
so um you need to be prepared the reason
I always bring up the boredom is just to
make sure that you love what you're
chasing enough to survive the boredom
because the boredom is coming for you
mhm absolutely all right so this one um
comes from Joshua Martel our boy yep out
in Florida 3D pop designs yep in so yep
all
that so Tom you talked about how um
you're giving all your secrets away for
your own success um for it my question
is should I stick with just making vide
videos of time lapses of my artwork or
in the future make tutorial videos on
how to do my art style tutorials wow
well there we go well we got that from
Lisa Lisa adamantly says tutorials so
I'll I'll um challenge my beloved wife
on that and I will say what is your goal
so if your goal is to sell your art then
tutorials may not help you if your goal
is to build an art school then tutorials
is the obvious answer so everything has
to work backwards from your goals now
the reason that my wife screamed
tutorials is because she has been
greatly empowered by tutorials so when
she thinks of other very talented
artists solving a problem she knows that
that is a problem that will allow you to
build an audience because people will
come they'll be able to learn from what
you're doing it'll help you grow an
audience of people who turn to you for
advice on how to create it but it won't
necessarily attract people who are going
to buy your art so that comes down to
what do you care about what's the
business model what are you trying to do
um so everything starts with
goals absolutely super dope sorry got
lost in the feed for a second but I just
want to quick shout out some of our
other um impac toist in Australia Paris
Vancouver Netherlands Soul Colorado
Brazil tuning in Soul's in the house
tuning in right now respect yes that's
amazing I've been to Soul can we just
say that I've been Paris that's awesome
the nether been to Paris have you yes
what was your time like so I was like 14
when I went to Paris nice so it was it
was nice like I I liked walking around
like did the like museums and all that
stuff I was like in a big group like
class tour kind of thing you had a much
cooler School than I had we did not go
to Paris yeah well I took the right
program and apparently so nicely done
did it yeah so did that and it was
really awesome I want to go back as an
adult like to both Spain and France cuz
that's the those are the two countries
we did while we we did it but being 14
you're just kind of like very different
yeah
fors um okay so this one comes
from
Alexandre hey Tom I'm building a YouTube
channel right now and I'm documenting uh
fight camp for kickboxing title shot I'm
doing a video every day how do I keep my
videos fresh
well one way is to look to your
community to find out what they want to
see just straight ask them what videos
do they want look at your own videos
don't be afraid to really dive into the
analytics and steer by that so what are
things that are working what are things
that are not working like if you look at
our um my Instagram feed um right now
we're trying a new style I'm not
convinced it's working but so we're in
this like in between phase where it's
like is it not working because it's new
and people aren't used to it or is it
not working because is not as good um
and so you you have to both give it a
chance and then be willing to change and
pivot and not fall in love with your own
stuff um so that's critical so hopefully
in the videos that you're putting out
like there's some inclination of okay
these ones do better and then it's about
accurately assessing why those ones are
doing better and if you aren't right
then you can sort of take yourself down
some rabbit holes so for instance if you
think oh the ones where it's us sparring
those are the ones that do better when
in reality it just will happens that you
talk more while you're sparring and what
they really like is you talking and
explaining things that's a terrible
example because you probably talk the
least when you're sparring but you get
the idea it's really figuring out why
the ones that pop pop and if you can
accurately do that then give people more
of that so here's how it goes you shape
the community then the community shapes
you and by that I mean you put out stuff
and You Begin tracting people and that's
all you and it's you not thinking about
what anybody else wants it's just you
doing you and then from that you're
going to see the types of things that
hit and you're going to do more of those
the there's no other way to do it um you
can spend a little bit of time looking
at what other people are doing but if
you're chasing them you're never going
to beat them so I wouldn't spend too
much time doing that you really want to
have your own Vision about what you're
trying to bring to the world how you're
trying to help people what you think is
important what makes you special and get
that out
there I agree with that I like it so
this next one comes from Michael um
Bell are there any plans to make or
distribute comic books SLG graphic
novels you've mentioned comic books
before and I'm interested in hearing
your thoughts on what kind of stories
you'd be interested in publishing yeah
so most definitely um that'll probably
be the phase one thing that we go to um
and you know I I think we've talked
about this we haven't gotten super
specific um but we've already approached
uh some very well-known Comics that have
um been sort of dropped by their
publisher if you will uh we're trying to
get the r to those so that we can do
Universe of stories which will allow us
to show people very rapidly like what
the model is um it's not necessary and I
will happily just crowdsource this stuff
and we just put our first call out to
the community which is anything based
around time travel uh and
interdimensional if that's a word um so
the yeah the the Multiverse if you will
um for ideas around that so our whole
thing is I know the only thing that I
know about every single piece of content
that we will ever put out is it will be
about empowerment
so it will be going from a fixed mindset
to a growth mindset it's um showing
people acquiring skills and executing
against that but the thing that people
need to understand and I I just want
everyone to get real comfortable with
this it's got to be entertainment first
so if it doesn't entertain we've got
nothing so that the whole idea behind
don't try to change people's behavior
try to leverage it I know people will
engage with entertainment I know that
but people don't necessarily engage with
things that are educational I think you
have to get them out of their normal
habit loops to get them into educational
content and look if you're talking to me
like you can tell me eat less exercise
more and I will do it you can tell me to
read non-fiction even if it's boring I
will do it as long as it's empowering me
99.9% of people will not so you just it
has to be entertaining so but I believe
that we can slip that in so it'll be
superheroes it'll be nons superheroes I
think it'll be largely non-s superheroes
um just
because superheroes are giv their powers
so it's got to be people that don't have
superpowers so I could see getting
behind like a Batman or an Iron Man or
something like that um but I think
there's um maybe more interesting
stories to tell and the reason that I'm
so interested in comic books is for no
other reason than people already read
them there is already a known
distribution Channel people already get
um the path from comic book to movie or
TV show all things which are important
to us and most importantly they're
inexpensive and you can draw two people
sitting in a living room for the same
price that you can draw Armageddon and
that is remember the whole thing is you
have if you're going to form a studio
today you have to have hundreds of
millions of dollars or you have to be
able to survive a one in a th000 hit
ratio so everything that we're doing
around that sort of mechanistically from
a business perspective is all facing the
realities of what it would mean to build
a studio today we're just honest about
what that is yeah absolutely that makes
sense um so we'll be wrapping up in
about five minutes unfortunately so fast
it does it does sorry due to
construction yeah well today we also due
to construction which is true it just
sounds funny yeah it does sound funny we
had to cut 15 minutes short today yeah
but yeah um cuz I have to do a book
review are you guys watching the book
reviews in fact are you watching the
book reviews we need to look at the
numbers on this these things
take me a lot of time and energy this a
book review and my bad guys I didn't
realize that it was like part one so
part two will be coming so you can see
the rest of it I do open book review
with that so if anybody watched it then
they'll know um but yeah so this is
don't fall in love with your ideas right
the book reviews are rad I'm going to
read the books whether you guys want to
hear about them or not um but if
nobody's watching the the reviews then
we got to cut them cuz I would read like
I spent literally my entire flight back
from New York not my entire flight but
the vast majority of my flight reading
Disney cuz it is so long it's a long B
so long you said it's like what 40 hours
it's just over 30 hours so even at 3x it
was like over 11 hours of reading crazy
town a lot it's a part-time job reading
this book so this one's really made me
go y'all better be like
watching these like they better be
adding value otherwise I think they're
adding damn I think they are so I would
have read it on a much slower time scale
yeah all right well congratulations on
your part-time job yeah
thanks
sorry all right so uh we can end on a
somewhat funny one this one comes from
Ian Pettit Ian Pettis S I have to ask
what's up with drinking the Snapple man
it some seems somewhat contrary to your
health oriented dietary protocol you
know what's interesting I tease you cuz
I love you well thank you I love you
right back um it is not so people are
trying to place their version of Health
on me and they think because it has
artificial sweeteners that I would
consider unhealthy which I do not um to
me you can back up a dump truck of
artificial sweeteners because I know the
reality
metabolically is that as of yet they
can't measure any metabolic response
from artificial sweeteners now maybe
it's just we don't have sensitive enough
equipment that's certainly possible uh
there's stuff coming out that maybe it
disrupts the microbiome that's certainly
possible but here's the thing I don't
suffer from stomach issues so not
causing any problems for me my secret
weapon in getting lean is drinks that
have zero calories or I think these have
like five calories but it's beverages
with essentially no calories that is my
secret weapon so I lost 60 lbs doing it
so to quote the imminent 50 Cent I came
into the game humble can't nobody tell
me now so it's like once you lose
60 um pounds it's like I know I know the
game I know how to do it so it's like
yeah so that's it that's my secret
weapon it hasn't killed me yet um I have
no adverse side effects um and I know
that Sugar which I would otherwise need
to you know get a tasty beverage to curb
my
Hunger um is devastating from a health
perspective so I just want to remind
people that spider venom is natural um
arsenic is natural shark bites those are
also natural all three things I avoid
like the plague which by the way is also
natural so just because something is
natural does not mean it is good for you
and just because something is artificial
does not mean that it's bad so there it
is so I don't drink calories that's
that's the the deal so yeah Jo CR
mentioned kombucha I'm totally about
that kombucha yeah I haven't I've never
with kombucha cuz it has calories
if I'm going to take calories I'm going
to chew I'm going to chew you're going
to chew that's just the way it is and
I'm going to chew in synchronicity with
my wife at the same time at the same
time also speaking of weight loss like
my brother is going to be totally
embarrassed right now but he's lost over
100 say he's crushed it 10 and something
PBS that is amaz I he's at like 140
maybe oh my God why is he embarrassed by
that that's so impressive just like cuz
he hasn't like shown me pictures yet he
needs a t-shirt that just says I'm a
badass like there's nothing to be
embarrassed about this
incredible mad love baby bro I'm super
excited he just like won like a a
competition at his school like a like a
body yeah like it was like a weird well
I don't know what exactly it was it was
like the person who could lose the most
body fat percentage or something in a
certain amount of time andit he just
crushed that so legit I was like that's
amazing 140 lbs is yeah amazing it's
still going well done so matter respect
that's like my big sister moment for the
day guys well that's dope well worth it
thank you for sharing that all right all
right so we we're tapping out so tapping
out just as a reminder make sure that
you share this live feed if it added
value to your life today in order to win
two books of your choosing to help you
along your Heroes
Journey one and two make sure you go
check out our impac toist community
group called the impact Theory league so
you can join us for some super awesome
discussions I think we're about to like
dive deep into 13 Reasons right now from
Netflix yeah super excited about that
one 13 Reasons what's that so it's um
this Netflix original show and it's
basically Chronicles like via the
mechanism of tapes that Hannah Baker
records basically chronicling what led
to her suicide and so it takes you
through all of those like different
things like behind the scenes and like
every different person's like
involvement in it can I tell you a
secret uhhuh I don't know who Hannah
Baker is well I mean it's just it was a
book and then they made it into the
series it's I don't I don't think it's a
real person if it is my bad I don't know
wow but it's like it was super
compelling I watched it I like meant to
watch like one episode and then like I
don't know 13 hours later or something I
was like
uh but yeah so we're going to talk about
that and then we have some other
discussions going nice so respect cool
and then our light things are blowing up
here on our end so this is probably a
good time to say goodbye all right
everybody thank you so much for joining
us always always grateful this is a
weekly show so if you haven't already be
sure to subscribe and until next time my
friends be legendary take
care